• What is large scale requirements engineering?

At present, the software is more and more important in our life. At the same time, the invisible and abstract nature of software component often redefine engineering approaches to build complex systems. The constant need to consider the new method’s repeatability and production process quality over the software production process for large software systems. In these systems, diversity, complexity and variability may hindered the management of the software development process. Also, with the growing scale and complexity of software systems, they lead to larger and complex requirements. So this is why we need large scale requirement engineering.
Large-scale requirements engineering usually used in a project which have the features as follow:
1.	Market and technology-driven software development
2.	Large, complex software systems
3.	New releases through projects
4.	Several thousands of wishes, needs, and requirements stored in a database
5.	Distributed development
6.	Uncertainty, frequent change and time pressure
7.	Requirements written in plain text
8.	Multiple levels of abstraction

• What are the challenges in large scale requirements engineering?

The complexity and size of software intense systems continues to grow, which in turn gives increasingly large and complex sets of requirements. The amount of embedded software is growing, and the amount of variability is growing even faster. The increased role and importance of software comes with an increased number of requirements. The explosion of new ideas is particularly an inevitable part of a company that operates in MDRE. This flow of new requirements is almost always delivering more requirements for software products than the actual development resources can implement during each project cycle. As a result, the size and complexity of the requirements databases grow even faster than the size and complexity of actual software products.
In LSRE, the size of the requirements databases in this case may exceed tens of thousands of requirements, which puts new expectations on requirements management tool support. Furthermore, as development projects grow in complexity and new products with many features are released to the market, the importance of good practices in requirements management grows. Improving the scalability of requirements engineering and management tools, processes and methods is crucial for succeeding in LSRE contexts. 

• What is the order of magnitude of the number of requirements we are discussing? 

At least More than thousands of requirements.
